Here we go. So this next one is
a graphic novel. It's about 20
pages. Um. So again, just
describe what you see and what
is happening and take between 10
and 15 minutes, OK?
OK, Ohh I'm not so sure. We
might have already seen this
one.
That OK.
Oh, that might be this one
then. Do you remember this? I
think we've done. I think we saw
that one too. Would they go out
of the?
Whatever the arch into the
rainbows, yes, OK, and they both
have their crowns from the
Majesty.
We'll start here. OK, this
again is a graphic novel, but
because it's the longest in the
series, all out of all the
items, it will be the longest
you'll see.
And you may want to pick up the
pace because of that.
#START_wanderer So OK, so this
graphic novel has a
What can I say? It looks like a.
Viking type of individual,
older. He's dressed up as a like
a Viking with horns. And then
there's another individual who
he's helping. They're going to
fold up a big piece of material
and that material is now going
to become a looks like it looks
like a hat, but it's actually
somehow on the right hand side
of this page is going to be a
boat. And so they've prepared
their, they've gone.
About making this.
Together and then we have this
flying ship that is shaped like
a boat.
{I'm like wait, wait, wait, wait
all over and I see something
else.} I see that little paper
shaped boat that looks like a
hat.
It's ahead of them in the water.
It's either following this big
ship with these flags on it, or
the ship is following it. I'm
not sure yet. I think this ship
might be following it, but I'm
not sure. Maybe they were trying
to escape.
It'll come together. So now we
have the the paper hat boat in
what looks like water, and above
it you can see there's these
birds. They're all in, in
sequence as birds normally are.
And we can see that they're
rising because the one on the
top is the largest and the one
on the left bottom is the
smallest. So it looks like it's
kind of depicting travel.
And um, being led by these
birds, there's this little tiny
hat boat is being led by the
birds.
Probably away from that ship.
OK, so now oddly enough the
paper boat ship is being
attacked by some kind of
amphibian beings. We got a bird,
we got what looks like a funny
looking turtle.
Just like, uh, how can I
describe an abstract turtle?
It's might be a turtle, but it's
got, it's got other design on it
than a turtle would. And then
you can see I think it's like a
really large object is going to
come, a big amphibious object is
going to come and get in the way
with the little tiny boat too.
The water's getting a little
choppier.
There's still some birds. OK, so
now what you can see.
Is what's actually happened is
underneath this water. We have
an underwater scene now and it's
black and white. By the way.
We've got fishes with Spears and
little tiny fishes. They're on
their spear and we've got pools
of of fish and all sorts of
algae and growth that would
probably be really pretty if it
was in color. But the main thing
about this picture is that
what's happened is.
The little tiny boat.
Is really being used as a hat by
a large.
Aquatic animal.
And that animal looks like it's
coming towards us, but I'm not
sure. So it's kind of funny.
It's kind of like you can see
the underwater scene and then
we've got this animal large,
maybe a whale or something, and
it's wearing that little tiny
boat as a hat and it's sticking
up out of the water.
And again we see the underwater.
aquatic area with lots of of
fish and yet this is black and
white. It's not color, so it's
it's kind of odd to see
something like this in black and
white. Looks like a sketch. Lots
of fishes and then we've got.
The little boat still on top of
the water.
But a bunch of fish are on the
top of the water too, so it's
kind of probably.
It's not very deep, let's put it
that way. Because it was deep,
the fish would be way, way
lower. So the fish are coming up
and the hat is just kind of
floating along the water on top
of those fish.
What's going on here? It looks
like something under the water
besides 2 little fishies
kissing.
This is really cute.
Under the water it looks like
this this hat.
Looks like it's got maybe
getting holes in it, the bottom
of it. I think maybe one of
those fish attacked it because
you can see their tentacles
going up into the bottom of the
boat and looks like water's
going to rush up into the boat
or down, but something is going
to do happen with the middle
section of that boat.
The next picture tells us what's
happening. Somehow who's ever in
that boat, which I think we saw
earlier was going to be that the
child and the Viking type of
individual, they're fishing.
They got a fishing pole now, I
don't know how they got a
fishing pole, but now they're
fishing and they're pulling up a
fish.
And the rest of the fishes are
just having a good time. They're
not. Oh, there's a couple of
them that want to grab at the at
the pole, but one got taken. And
then at the there's another fish
with a pair of scissors.
This is very creative.
fish with a pair scissors. OK,
some kind of fish. OK, let's
see. So we've got.
The little boat on top of the
water, it's still still either
draining looks like it's
draining, it's just maintaining
itself above the water.
And another fish is lifting up.
What would be a horse? What is
that called?
A horse fish, I think it is.
Anyways, it's it's.
Yeah, I don't remember exact
wording, but I think it's a
horse fish, and this horse fish
is also wearing a hat that looks
like this little hat.
A fish, a big fish is pushing up
this little horse fish so he can
look into the boat.
And then we've got.
Ohh that little horse fish.
Whatever, I I guess I wish I
could remember that word.
Seahorse. {Thank you,
sweetheart.}
The seahorse and the seahorse is
now leading this boat. He's in
charge. He's in full command.
And the odd thing now is a snake
wants to get in there too. So
they're vying for getting on
that boat at some of these
little aquatic animals, and the
snake is going to make it up
there. And the seahorse with the
hill hat and the matching, he's
like the leader. He's like he's
the captain.
Now where this little?
Captain Seahorse is going, is
being shown to us. The water is
now leading towards land and I
can see that there's lots of
many trees and huge trees, very
big trees with, I don't know if
they're called Mongoose, but
there's birds, there's lots of
birds, white birds popping out
from the darkness of these
trees. And the sailboat, we're
going to call it now.
Sail hat with the seahorses
leading towards that land. Or it
could be a marsh, but it's going
to probably go inside. I think I
see a dark spot where it's going
to go inside.
We'll figure this out.
So yeah, as it
Gets more towards the, uh, land
figure. It's.
Also on it's on top. It's odd
because it's on top of the
water, but you can see into the
water where the roots of this
land
Plants with the birds. You can
see the roots going into the
into the water and lots of
little tiny fishes floating
around. And very curious fishes.
There's some fishes that are
wondering what the heck is going
on here. You can see their eyes
popping out.
And then there's a whole school
of fish that's just swarming
around underneath the the little
boat, the boats making it to
what I thought was land.
But what really might be is
something that is growing out of
the water, and it's a big tree,
a big tree with these birds.
In it.
And now we've got.
The little sailboat kind of
getting into the roots of this.
Uh.
What I want to call it, it looks
like a big tree. The tree, the
roots are into the water, but
the boats going through the
water now through the roots and
you can see all the other
animals that are inside this I
guess I'll call it like a
swampland. There's some birds
and there's something that
looked like 4 legged animals
with bright eyes and I can see
hands. It looks like there's
actual people's hands in here.
They're their hands or they're
they're five fingered.
There's some kind of object in
there animal probably with what
looks like hands and there's
like at least maybe, maybe it's
like a four or eight legged
animal.
And so they're they're they're
staring at the boat and
wondering, what the heck is the
boat doing in here?
OK, now we can see from the this
is like a the view from the
seahorses.
Viewpoint.
He's now on top of the water and
he can see down into the water
where the roots are growing and
all the other animals are living
and he's observing as he's
passing through the hugest part
of the roots and we see more
fish.
And you know what's on? He's
gonna end up going to like a
family. He's gonna find a bunch
more seahorses with checkered
bodies. I know it sounds crazy,
but these are seahorses with
checkered bodies, and it looks
like he's going to meet up with
some others that are like that.
And he might even jump out of
the boat. Yeah, he jumped out of
the boat. He's hat went flying.
So now.
We're.
Looking at a huge single.
Aquatic animal and it looks like
the birds are on top and the
boats floating by and this this
aquatic animal is not all the
way out of the water, but the
funny part of this one is he's
smoking a pipe.
Yeah, he's got, he's got half of
his head outside the water and.
He's smoking a pipe, and the
birds are. There's also fishies
in the bottom water.
And it looks like this object is
going to pull up some kind of
old ancient ship from the
bottom.
Of the ocean.
Lot of stuff that's got combined
a couple different boats looks
like a bunch of wood and this
animal is also smiling.
It's got legs, it's got arms and
a tail of some sort and fins.
And as I might have mentioned
already, smiling. So he's got
teeth and eyes and he's got
like, this thing coming out of
his head. Looks like he's going
to take a picture of that paper
boat that's still maintaining
itself on this water.
The other thing is there's
another tiny little boat hat
like that that's down near all
this debris that's pulling up. I
don't understand what that's
going to mean, but.
Somehow I maybe they capture the
hats and keep them down below.
I don't know.
Alright, so how here we are on
top of the water.
All sorts of animals on top of
the water. Flying chickens.
Dragons with like, oh, what are
those called? Jester Hats, court
jester hats, little balls on the
end we've got
Animals with tongues coming out.
We got a black cat leaping in
the air into that little hat. I
was talking about the little
soap. That little ship still
here, that's the focal point of
this part of this whole story, I
think. And there's alligators
and looks like even a zebra.
There's a dog. It's like, it's
like a flying lions, flying
elephants, leopards. This is
like animal lovers, I don't
know, psycho trip.
This makes no sense really, but
it's creative and you know,
background. You see this, this
like.
How do you describe that? That's
like a crawling snake type, but
you could see all the little
like he's doing all sorts of
arches with his back, like at
least five humps. It's a 5
humped snake and it's going to,
it's kind of floating in front
of this really bright bulbous.
What I guess would be a fish
looks like a fish, and that's
one other thing that's showing
up here.
And then there's also something
that looks like it's in the sky.
It looks like fishes are going
inside of of some kind of
planet.
So.
This is interesting at best.
Yeah, I saw the boat. OK, so now
it's night time, the boat still
on top of the water and all
these similarly similar looking
fishes with just two eyes. You
can see their eyes are lights
are swimming towards this boat
and the sky has stars in it and
a moon. So that that circular
object that I saw in the other
picture that might have been the
creation of this Crescent moon.
And there's this constellation
of stars.
That may be forming something
into something else too, but
it's it's over the boat, the
boat still there.
So now it's darkness getting
darker all the time.
OK, so all these fish now we're
looking at fish that are all
similar that's that's they're
not different like they were
before. It's like a big
congregation of.
They all look the same. I can't
even think it's a cult anyways,
they're all coming in and
towards this.
The the boat hat, and I don't
know what they want to know
what's inside the boat hat, but
they're going to find out.
There's like a lot of them and
they're completely surrounding
this boat.
Now the boat is on top of the
water still, and these fish,
they look like they've done
their duty and they're done.
They're going back down into the
water. You can only see the
tails off of it, like two or
three, and the eyeballs of 1.
But there's another something
that's coming up from the sky
and I can't really tell what it
is.
But it's got a.
Stars around it and it's just
looks like it's something that's
going to either capture the boat
or help the boat.
I wanna say it looks kind of
like a cloud. That's the best
way I can describe it. It's a
cloud, it's but it's not shaped
puffy, it's shaped more like
Leonard Lenny linearly.
Like maybe this big old piece of
fabric. But think of it that
way, like a curtain.
I was thinking, my curtain is
going to come and it's over.
It's over the boat in the water.
Let's see what happens next.
Oh, you know what it is. I think
it's an iceberg.
I don't understand why, but now
it looks like a big solid object
coming out of the ocean.
And this little boat still right
there, right in front of it
looks very small compared to
this object, which might be an
iceberg, could be the way this
is going. It could be, you know,
a tree trunk, but it's solid.
And you can see the grain in it,
so.
As it gets closer to this solid
object, you can see that inside
there is floating inside and
there's little ice caps.
And.
It looks like.
I know it's silly, but it looks
like Christmas trees. There's
some trees inside there.
Appointed. Let's say there's
cone objects. Cone objects
inside this what I thought was
an iceberg, but now we're going
inside it. It's more like a
cave. Once you're inside The
Cave, you can see that's what it
is. You can see the cone
objects. Those might be pathways
to other parts of The Cave or
just inside The Cave. Now the
little boat is floating through
this cave.
Um, the solid object I was
talking about and.
It's going towards, it's going
towards what looks like an exit.
To find out what happened on the
other side of that exit.
Alright, so it gets out of this.
It took this little pathway to
another part of the ocean.
This big
What I was thinking was iceberg
and it's now on the outside of
it and it's got there's oh, a
little light beam. Something's
coming out of the ocean with a
light and looking at this boat,
little paper boat.
Actually is what I think in the
next slide you can see it's like
a human figure is going to
Pick up this boat, but it's more
like amphibious. It's got, it's
got fish hands and tentacles and
it's I think the light is
actually part of its own body.
It's like it's got tentacles
with lights on it and it's
looking and it's holding this
Object. And the other thing is
on here. I'm not sure there's a
#5. I don't know what the 05
means. Oh, I see. Hang on,
there's two of these objects,
one is #8 and one is #5 and.
That's just how you identify
them. Maybe that's their their
code numbers for whatever party
they're from, but they they look
actually like scuba divers. But
they're fish and they're they're
observing this object that was a
paper boat and.
Something's coming out of the of
the eyeballs of this number 8
guy. Maybe #5 too, but #8 for
sure. It's like his eyeballs are
falling out of his head.
Something is falling out. It's
either tears or his eyes or
something, but it's coming out.
Alright, let's see here now.
It looks like they're making
their way towards a larger boat.
I see the little baby boat that
we've been dealing with and very
in the foreground of this
picture, very, very small. And
then you can see the tentacle of
one of those amphibious scuba
divers looking up at this
Boat. There's a big boat and
there's smoke coming out of this
boat, and there's birds around
the boat and there's an anchor,
but it's not anchored.
I can't really tell much more
separately. It's large, it's
very large. So let's see what's
going to happen to the little
boat next.
OK, the little boat is now not
night time again, and the little
boat is still in the water. Now
there's birds flying all around
it and you can see the trees in
the background.
The birds are not.
On top of it necessarily. But
they're kind of like, oh, you
know, like when they fly over
something and they're looking at
something. So something may be
inside that boat that we don't
know about yet. There's a couple
of fishies on the top of the
water.
And.
We can see that that vessel that
had the smoke coming out of it,
a large vessel. It's in the
background now as we progress
through the
Graphic novel.
And looks like there's a bit of
fire coming out of it. There's.
Nowhere in this picture do I see
the boat. So.
Showing me the the big boat from
a distance and the big boat also
has some fish hanging off of it.
But it's it's protruding out of
the water. It may, it may be a
building instead of a boat.
So from that building I can see
now what's going on. There are.
I guess you call it people.
There are individual.
Uh, people shooting out the
little tiny boat and other
things in the water and there's
a big claw that's coming down to
possibly pick up.
Something out of the water. It
might look like a human, maybe
an escapee. I it almost looks
like he has prison clothes on,
but you can see that they're
trying to attack.
And next you see.
What looks like an outer
spaceship type of object also in
the water coming out with this
what I thought was jail prison
outfit. It's really not a prison
outfit, it's more like it just
has lines on it. It's more like
a scuba diving outfit. Different
than the first one we saw though
and this.
Scuba guy is on top of this.
What would I call that?
A missile that is coming out of
the water.
And you can see there's a buoy
on it and the buoys looking like
it's gonna come help the boat.
The boat now has a shot in the
top of it, so it's been hit. So
hopefully this is rescue.
It looks like a rescue the
Boats being pulled in now by
that aquatic scuba.
Guy who's not, not. He's not #5
or #8, I'll tell you that. At
least not that I can see. Might
change his outfit, but somehow
he's still, he's still savior.
And on the right we've got
looks. Looks like people are
trying to attack as well. And of
course, this isn't always
people. Sometimes animals. It
looks like a reindeer. There's a
jester.
Or Joker, there's a cat. There's
a guy with a a.
The horn coming out of his head
again, and this looks like
they're flying in. They're
flying in on some kind of kited
object. You can see a kite, it's
carrying them over the water.
And there's a I don't know if I
mentioned horses, but it's and
there's little looks like either
eyeballs or two beings. We're
going to have to find out what
that is. But yeah, the one, the
boats being saved by one
individual and being attacked by
several
Other animals.
And then we come, a big huge
wave comes and the big huge wave
is going to knock over the the
bad guys, let's say the people
that are being brought in by
kite.
They've got, uh, they've got a
hold of of, I think they've got
a hold of the boat.
But the way maybe they're trying
to save the boat.
Anyways, they came in on a kite.
They were drawing what looked
like to attack, but they could
be saving it because.
Oh, no, no, no. Hang on a
second. I see the little boat in
this, in the in the wave.
They've got something in their
hands that looks like the boat.
And they're just trying to hang
on with their life.
Tsunami.
OK, now of course, because there
was this huge wave, we're going
to see lightning. So we have
lightning in the background, and
the little tiny boat with the
little single hole, bullet or
punch wound is all by itself in
the water.
That other object that I thought
was the boat.
That was either attacking or
saving is now also flying away
from the boat in the water. I
don't know where it's going, but
it was either there to save and
leave.
Or to attack and leave but I
think it was save and leave.
OK, now where we're at is the
boat. The little tiny boat with
the little tiny hole in it is
still moving along.
And it is also still in the
ocean. But this part of the
ocean is really strange, very
strange in a way. It looks like
just kind of some kind of
growth. But these, these, these
growths are like arches and they
look like Donuts. They look like
Donuts. And that they have holes
that you can go through, but
they also might be part of an an
animal.
Because.
They all come together. It could
just be how can I like something
is all twisted up like a big old
cord and an animal that's like a
cord because at the very end
there there's there's a head
coming out and it's pulling on.
I think.
That object that was that I
thought was the boat that it was
either going to save
Either at first I thought attack
but then I thought save  it's
getting pulled up out of the
water or out of this
Donut
Area. Yeah. And we'll see what
happened next. Got it's got its
mouth on it, that's for sure.
OK, so it might be like a dragon
with lots of coils, because now
I'm looking at an object that
could have been doing that work
and have it as his body all
wrapped around him in coils.
More like a dragon, then you see
the boat floating through.
This.
With more like now it's more
like a cave of the coils of the
body of this Dragon water
dragon. And it's the boats now
going to make it out to the
outside. And there's an like an
another animal that looks like
an elephant, another animal that
looks like a Unicorn, which we
know that don't really exist.
But of course this whole story
is made-up anyway, so the boat
is going to be caught, go out
to this spearheaded.
Unicornfish.
Looks like almost like a
dolphin. If you know dolphin and
it's got the this this object
has, this animal has water
coming out of his nose.
And it's got a partner that is
probably the one I thought was
an elephant because it's got a
really long nose into the water
and the spearheaded.
Uh.
I don't remember what I'm
calling him. The spearheaded
fish.
Is almost like pointing at
himself and the water that's
coming out of his nose is going
into the boat. So the boat's
getting flooded and it's being
this whole thing's being
observed by what looks like a
flying fish type who's living on
an island.
And he's wearing boxers striped
boxers. So this is really odd.
This this could have been
somebody who landed on an
island. You could see a bottle
and a can and and propellers
from planes and wheels you know.
But they driving driving wheels
off of boats and.
That's about it, but it's very
odd. He's watching as these
amphibious objects pour water
into the boat, and we'll see
what happens next. But it's
almost there, almost to the
land.
It's.
I think we're underneath the
water again now. And we've got
these like jellyfish. There's a
bunch of jellyfish and some
other fish and oh, no, no, no,
that's not a fish. That's the
the hat. The hat boat has been
sunk, or it's you can see that
it's being submerged into the
water where there's a bunch of
jellyfish and there's one huge
jellyfish that's probably going
to come attack it. We don't
know. The way these go. It could
turn out to be good.
But that's definitely what's
happening. It's it's sinking.
OK.
We've got.
The jellyfish surrounding the
little boat.
And a couple of other fish
floating around.
The really odd part about this
that I am trying to figure out
is part of the picture.
On the left hand side shows that
the boat floating with the the
jellyfish but the right hand
side of the page.
Looks like one of the jellyfish
is either. Gonna suck it in.
I think so. I think one major
jellyfish is going to suck it
in.
And the rest of them are going
to go away. It's like I'm the
winner. It's my hat, it's my
beat up boat. I'm going to get
this boat.
Hat boat. So the hat boat.
I believe is now under spotlight
by these.
fish type of objects, animals,
they're very strange to the
spotlight on these animals and
these animals have several legs,
appendages, horns, and I think
what they're doing is examining
the boat.
But on the right hand side you
can see that
They are actually on top of a
very long, snaky looking thing.
And there's something exiting
and there's like a submarine
exiting out of the water, but
you know, the submarine has the
hat. So somehow the hats being
saved, it's going on another
adventure outside of the water.
I think now it's been examined
and let go.
OK, so now we're back to where
this submarine.
With some naming convention on
it.
In, you know, Alphabet
characters, more human of human
creation. Man-made creation has
the boat on it. And the boat
still has the hole in it, but
it's dripping out. It's it's
secreting all that extra water.
It's going back into the ocean.
But the odd thing is that this
submarine is now facing the
strange looking.
Boat that is actually part of
like a fish boat, a bit huge,
like lots like a like an octopus
boat. And the odd thing is after
the octopus boat, you can see on
the very tail end of the story
here that our little boat is set
free, is going to go into the
water, it's going to pass this 8
legged
Boat. Or you know what? I think
maybe, maybe that that fish,
that octopus is attacking that
boat. In any case, the main
thing is that on a very tail end
of this boat is going to exit.
And so now the boat is being.
Attended to by some sea otters
and one of them has the boat in
his mouth and the other sea
otters that have their heads out
of the water are, you know,
looking at him sucking on or
holding on to the boat over the
over the water. There's there's
otters that are just floating
around and watching cute little
couple of otters they're one of
them hugging and we got our sea
pond on the right hand side and
the sky has clouds.
But it's it's bright out, it's
not dark yet, and we'll see
where it's going next. It looks
like it's going to be happy.
Alright, now again there's I'm
confused because there's two
boats now and two boats in this
same picture.
With the same hole and they're
floating above the water.
On the left hand side of the.
Underwater picture underneath
the water shows a lot of.
Of the sea quatic animals doing
their thing on the right hand
side of the picture.
Shows more like the observers,
the scuba divers, looking at
things, observing things and.
There's still aquatic animals
there, but it's more, more
nature and the boat.
Trying to, uh, do research so I
can't tell if it's the same if
it's two hats. Oh, I think it
might be, it might. I might not
have seen the slit in that
picture. It might have been just
a movement of the hat. So we're
back to where?
The hat is on top of the water
and we've got the scuba
Figures taking care of it.
A couple of birds looks like
they're on a buoy of some sort,
just kind of float in the water,
and they're going to eventually
go over to a light tower or a
lighthouse where there's
somebody.
It looks like he has binoculars
waiting for the hat to come
back. There's some birds in the
background and some clouds, but
I think the hats getting closer
towards its eventual home.
OK, now that was.
The boat is now.
Making its way up a structure.
Oh no, it's on the water, so I'm
sorry, it's on the water still.
But there's a structure coming
out of the water. And you can
tell because it looks like
there's algae on part of of this
structure that's in the water.
And then there's just plain
wrought iron that goes up to the
top of a building that's
probably the lighthouse.
Um, maybe it's got some some
clear sections of the
lighthouse, because I can see
through it and there's a long
bridge and boats are next to the
bridge.
But our little hat, he's, he's
hanging tough with the big
boats. Yeah, right there.
Until.
The water gets to a certain
level where there's a smaller
boat.
You can see on the side of a
huge boat and our little boat,
it looks like it's it's either
ahead of the boat. I think it's
ahead. I think what's going to
happen is.
It's kind of like a water, water
waterway, and our little little
hat is still the leader and he's
going to be pushed off. The
water's going to push him off
back into the ocean above a
submarine. The point being
behind him is a couple other
boats that look like they're
being dragged or pushed by the
force of the water, and I don't
know if they're the forces of
nature is going to catch up with
them.
Or not, but he's definitely
going towards another dump into
the water.
Riding along on a boat, he's
going to be dumped in the water.
And what he was riding along on.
Might not have been a boat,
might have been.
Other one of those weird
creatures with the.
With the self-made scuba.
Air pump that has light and or
water coming out of it and again
they got this animal is smoking
his pipe.
OK, so we've got this boat and
it's got something that lifts
people up in the air, like we
call it a scissor lift where I
work get on the scissor lift,
and that was probably the
observer from before. He's got
on the scissor lift and he's
facing this huge aquatic animal
face on.
But I can't tell what's gonna
happen between those items. I
can see that the buoys still
there and on the right hand side
we've got, we've now have human
beings observing off of this
boat. It's called the new veil
and it's a modern day boat I
think more or less. And our
little hat boat is edging up
against it or it's edging up
against either a wall or the
boat itself, but you can see
that there's people now.
That's the main thing in this
there's people coming into the
picture at some point of
venture.
Also people in a little boat.
So it looks like this is maybe
ohh a dock of some sort and
because you can see in the
background there's structures,
there's a, how can I say this
equipment that is in the sky,
equipment in the sky, modern day
times, lifting things up,
dropping things down, cranes and
such. And you've got this this
other boat with a couple of
people in it there are going
towards this dock.
You know it also looks like a
dock because you could see other
boats inside what looked like a
garges and a person standing on
the dock and a person walking on
the dock and then it's like a a
a fish impression on the wall
and I can think I can say clock.
So we're looks to me like we're
going towards a little bit more
of reality. The odd thing is in
the next thing you see is.
Close up structure, a close up
of that crane structure and the
crane is on a boat and there's
people on the boat and this is
9. So maybe it has to do with
the five and the eight the
earlier I'm not sure people are
talking about. And you know
what's tied to the boat. The
buoy is strange looking.
Strange looking. Looks like
something that gets dropped in
the water and it's got a bulbous
top and it's it's got.
Like Windows, it's a ball of
windows and you can see that
there's a small person in there
looking out and at the bottom of
this you've got other peepholes
manhole like you know, I've
places where people can see out
and it looks like it has a
propeller attached to it too.
So combination between a boat
look looks like a.
Looks like a ride of some sort.
I can. I think I almost see
people.
At the tail of this.
Item item.
Yeah, I think they're on the
tail of it, next to some stairs.
So the paper boat is now coming
up against that smaller boat.
And the smaller boat has it
looks fairly normal for modern
day. It's got a couple of dogs,
it's got a kid with a.
Handkerchief on his head and
it's got a pirate pirate flag.
And now but the the odd thing
about this is that it has a
crane on it too, and it's
pulling something out of the
water in a in a big mesh bag.
And I can't tell what's in that
mesh bag. Oh wait, something
sticking out. Looks like it
caught.
A fish with a with a pointed
nose and that spikes on its
nose. So they're probably
fishing for like, very strange
water creatures. And our little
our little hat boat came up
against it now.
And the next thing we see is a
building that's called
exploration and actually
exploratio.
But it looks like, yeah, maybe
this is the the land where the
people were.
Observing what's going on in the
water and you can see.
Our little boat coming up
against those stairs. The boat
looks pretty big compared to the
stairs.
And it's still.
We're still, uh, all everything
around here is water. Even
though we've got buildings,
they're coming out of the water.
Could be they're part of the
boat.
But we'll see.
Ohh.
This is more this is now we're
at the city. You can still see
the water, but the water is
flowing through the city. And
this city has bridges, and these
bridges have.
Uh.
Lights, you can see through the
windows. Either that or it's
like some kind of.
Some kind of rock design, you
know? But I I'm. I'm seeing
Windows, and I see a city of
lights and buildings behind us.
The odd thing is, in this
picture you've got.
You've got a structure that's
dark like a.
Whole type of structure and it's
got a weird looking.
What was that that, that.
Remember that guy who was on the
island with the wings wearing
the bathing trunks and had the
propellers that were?
Set up next to him on the
island. He's flying off of this
building. You can see our little
bow down below him. Maybe he
wants to get to it, I'm not
sure. Maybe it was somehow part
of his life at one point in time
in the water. There's also a
boat with steam following our
little hat boat, and there's
some birds observing and birds
flying.
So our boat is now coming up to
where it can be observed by a
scuba type of individual.
And I can't see where the lights
coming from. It's either from
his internal flashlight or
somewhere else. The gestures
there again, there's the kite,
there's a cat. I can't really
tell what's happening here, but
the boat is probably just
sailing by. Yeah, it's sailing
by. And it's kind of like being
in Disneyland where you're down
below and you're floating
through and you're seeing lots
of things. It's almost like that
ride. It's a small world, after
all.
Anyways, the boat is now going
to get.
Float keep floating and
floating, floating by all of
this other, uh, activity.
We've got.
We've got people talking to
aquatic animals.
Very, very, you know, with that
thing, that guy took off his
hat, he took off his scuba
outfit, his tank and his.
It was actually one of those
bulbous things you wear over
your head, kind of like a
helmet, OK. And the boat keeps
going, boats going to just keep
on going through through those
bridges with the windows, with
the lights. It's going to keep
on down that pathway.
And it's now exiting.
This structure there's a couple
of of small boats. One of them
looks like it might be a
submarine, the other one looks
like it's just a wooden ship and
some fish that are looking on.
And it's going out again. Just
wherever it's going, it's
floating by itself.
so this
boat is now making its way
towards a a building structure
and it's on land and has a the
type of lighting that would be
normal, you know structural
lighting coming out of the
ground.
And.
As it approaches this building,
you can see that somebody's in
the boat, so all of a sudden
we've got somebody that's been
in this boat all along.
Well, that was an adventure. And
this.
Being is coming out of the boat.
Just reaching out. It's leaving
the boat, it's actually getting
out walking. And the interesting
thing about this character is
that.
It's a human. It's designed.
It's drawn like a human being,
OK? It's got arms, it's got
legs, it's got eyes, it's got
it's got the boat on its
sweater. The boat is designed on
his sweater. And a lot of the
other aquatic animals that we've
talked about and seen are also
on his outfit. He's climbing the
stairs and he's climbing up to
another person because you can
see that there's two legs.
These two legs are white. This,
the person that's walking up the
stairs is wearing dark. So now
we've got we can see that
there's two different
individuals at the very top of
this.
Structure. And it
might be where it might be where
they started to create that the
boat from the very beginning,
those two people, the one that
was kind of strange looking in,
the one that looked like more
like a human being. But I, I
don't know if this is the last
slide, I don't know. But yeah,
who was ever in that little boat
went on that rise now back to
where he needs to be with him,
another two legged animals. #END_wanderer
OK, so that was the story.
I don't know if that was a
story, but OK, that was whatever
you interpreted the story. OK,
so the next one is a graphic
novel that's only two pages.
#START_arrival_3 Alright, well
again, this is back in a time
frame that is not mine. Back in
the.
Maybe 1800s, early 1900s. We've
got it's in a foreign country
and we've got a young boy
passing out. Looks like Flyers
or signs.
So I don't have any idea what
he's trying to say, but he's
he's definitely.
material to people and we've got
an older lady with her cat.
Maybe she's listening and
thinking, well, what what's
going on around here? Do I need
to leave? What's what's the
hassle? What's happening around
me? We've got another man who
looks like he's trying to take
care of his.
Umm.
Food or his cart looks like he
has a cart of.
That he pushes around and he's
either putting something in
there or taking something out.
We got a couple who's got these
huge eggs that they're going to
probably put in the storage
unit.
And.
Then we've got a man getting a
shave. Now the odd thing about
most of these slides is that
there's also still little weird
animals that are non descript. I
mean I couldn't tell you what
the thing with the spokes that
looks like a lizard it's
supposed to be or the cats not
exactly normal looking. And in
this one where the guys getting
a shave.
There's a couple of these
creatures on the ground. They
look like big snails.
And we also have people playing
some music.
Down and and another one man's
playing a horn instrument and
the other man's playing a string
instrument and they've got some
odd looking birds around them.
And next slide, we see people
sitting and talking about maybe
where they're going to be going.
We look like somebody's reading.
And another looks like a lady's
knitting and maybe a child's
holding an animal. And there's
people sitting near them, and
they've got some kind of hot
steam in front of them, like
maybe it's cooking. It's large
enough to be something they're
cooking. And then in the final
scene, we got a gentleman with
his suitcase who's arrived to
this particular town wondering,
where do I go? What do I do? Do
I get it? Do I? You know, looks
like there's a lot of things
going on here.
I'm just.
Not sure where to go.
OK, so I'm looking at this
gentleman now, looking at his
watch, it looks like he was
probably supposed to be picked
up by somebody. He's kind of
concerned about the time, so he
looks up at the big clock.
And he continues to walk, and
he's continuing to walk and walk
and walk. He's getting darker
out and all of a sudden it's
starting to snow.
And he's gonna lose his hat.
Fortunately, he picks it up,
puts it back on. He's found him
a road map.
And he's looking at the road and
he's reading the map. It's,
it's.
At first I thought it was a big
map, but basically it's a book
and somebody comes to help him
and says, well, as you can see
the hand reaching out, do you
need help? And it's an
individual who looks like he's
kind of a religious individual.
He's got something on his head,
a turban of some sort, really
reaching out to help and say
what can I do for you and this
man with the hat.
Looks disturbed. He's like,
well, I don't know, he's just
shows in the book and he shows
him, he writes in the book, I'm
looking for this bed. I need to
go to a bed. And the individual
with the turbine says I will
help you. And he says follow me
and he then takes him.
He's following
the guy with the suitcase and a
suit and the hat is following
this. What I say looked like a
little like a religious type of
individual. And that individual
also has an A weird looking
animal on the back of his
shoulder. #END_arrival_3
OK, so that was that.
Now let's take a break.
OK, so.
Coming up, this next one is
again a graphic novel. Um, this
one has four pages.
#START_arrival_5 Well, let's
see. Again, this is some time
that.
I'm not familiar with it and I
don't think it's reality, but it
is. It's black and white so you
can get a feel for that. Not
black and white. I'm sorry
sepia. And it is a town
somewhere where it's near the
water and they have what looks
like a cement staircase up to a
castle type of building. Also
alongside here is a dock where
the boats are out on on the
dock.
So they look like wooden boats.
And I can see a boat coming into
land. It's got some beings in
it. They're probably human
beings. There's a it's a night
time kind of twilight time, and
there's birds in the sky and the
the weird thing about this or
the different thing about this
structure that looks like kind
of like a castle or a community
of tightly knit buildings.
They have symbolic.
What do they call them? They're
on top of the buildings, looks
like birds kind of like owls
with with little pointed ears
more or less. Maybe this means
to these people like these are
the lookout creatures. These are
our these protect us. I think
they're they used maybe they're
kind of like Gore Giles, but
they're not on the on the top of
the building they're they're
they're not on the side of the
building to protect their on top
looking out.
And what's happened here is we
have somebody who's captured
something.
Um.
It looks similar to the the
point the pointy eared
structure, but I don't know if
that's what it is. Anyways,
they're tying a rope around this
item. It's a gentleman.
And.
The next thing you see is this
gentleman talking to this man
and saying the man also has a
hat on, kind of like the the
ones we've seen before, he says.
Go on up.
And so he he does. Let me move
this to see if I can move us out
of the way. Yep, there you go.
And.
At the same time, there is a
small boy carrying what looks
like a plate of food up some
stairs, and he's also got some
of those odd licking make
believe creatures. One is a like
that egg shape.
Uh, mousy type that we had
before and one is a long snake
type thing with legs. Anyways,
what this little boy is doing is
taking a bowl of food up to a
lady and he gives her the bowl
and she gave embrace. She says
thank you very much. And the
next thing you know our man with
the hat is joining this lady and
this man who said going
upstairs, the one that I had
mentioned had said hello to the
gentleman earlier.
The ladies welcomed me into the
House and they're all going to
have a drink now. There's 4
drinks, so is the kid drinking?
Or somebody double doing, I
don't know. But anyways, the
lady is now going to take these
what what looks like food out of
the basket and start preparing
him. She's cutting up something
that looks like a porcupine.
She's gonna put it in some kind
of cooking vessel.
And.
It looks ohh, she's basting
something, I can see that. Yeah,
she's got a baster and where
she's going to make something,
she's gonna heat something up.
Now we see all the people
sitting around the table and no,
there was another adult there.
That's what it was. I don't
know. Wait, there was the adult,
there was the man, the woman.
No, that's still four people.
Anyways, they're eating me their
meal now and they have what
looks like.
Uh.
A bottle of something to drink
inside of a ceramic bowl. It's
probably wine, but the weird
thing is it looks like some kind
of weird lights coming out of
that. That's the only reason I
mentioned it, because outside of
it there is what looks like a
light bulb on the wall.
I could be reading too much into
it. The little boys feeding his
egg shaped animal and the mousy
looking snake cat and the the
man who invited everybody is
using a blowtorch to cook what
looks like maybe a piece of
fish.
So they're enjoying their
they're having a good time.
These people are laughing,
talking, drinking, eating. Oh,
now they're playing music, all
of them. Even the children. The
child's playing a string guitar,
the ladies doing a some kind of
flute object, and the next thing
you know, this man pulls out a
piece of paper. He's going to do
the origami that we've seen in
some previous slides or graphic
novels. He creates what looks
like the.
Child's.
Ohh I don't know what to call
him. Not the mousey one, this
the cat one with the long tail
and the spikes on it. That's
what it looks like. He doesn't
origami for the kid and the kid
likes it and the gentleman is
now going to make something hot
to drink. He's putting it into
his his cement wall to heat it
up and the man and the woman
offered this drink to their
guest.
So the next thing you know,
whatever was in that, it looks
like whatever they gave him to
drink, you can see that it he
had it and then it, it's kind of
odd because then it takes
another slide of it pushing
back, pushing back and.
I don't know what's happening,
but maybe that's symbolic that
he is. It's gone, gone away.
Maybe he drank it, ate it,
whatever it was. He went to bed
is what happened. He wakes up
and in his bed is that mousy
looking
Big mouse cat.
A pet of the of the young boy,
but he's befriending him and
that's interesting. Then he gets
dressed.
And goes downstairs and helps
himself to some fruit or
something that to eat and he's
sharing it with this mousy
creature. Our next thing you
know he's putting his on his
suit. Oh how cute the little
creature is bringing him his
hat. So he he's thankful for the
food and says here's your hat.
And then the man goes out.
To the town looks like.
The one of the animals I think
might be with him, I'm not sure.
The other thing about this
picture is it's weird is some
people are coming and people are
going but it's hard to tell.
And something's happening in the
town that's it looks like it
might be somewhat violent. It
looks like people are trying to
protect themselves with poles,
but at the same time you can see
there's a gentleman feeding some
of the fish like creatures and
other people are.
Buying things, exchanging
there's artwork going on.
There's people on ladders doing
artwork. There's a lady. It
looks like she's got a street
cart. She's making things for
people.
And our friend, our gentleman
with the suit.
And the hat and the mouse like
creature is now going up to
speak to like a proprietor of a
build a business maybe, or a
chef. He's got a bowl in his
hand. He's got a weird chef
looking hat and he wants to come
inside and then looks like the
man saying no, no I don't, I
don't have anything for you
right now. I can't have you the
next. The reason I say is
because the next one shows this
gentleman talking to another man
who's working on some kind of
ohh.
I don't know, a metal structure.
And he's got an animal with him
too that I don't recognize. He's
got tools with them. He's fixing
something that you know, with
pipes. And he says no, no, no, I
I don't. I don't know anything.
I can't help you. And the next
thing you see he's talking to a
lady at her work at her place of
business where she has seen
weird looking animals coming out
of porcelain bowls and she says
no, I don't know, I can't help
you.
And then you see him going to an
air.
Looks like either.
Air, an airplane,
something with propellers, it's
either a boat with I think it's
a boat, probably like a dock,
stockyard, a boat yard. And he's
got his animal with him. And
again another strange animal and
a man talking to him saying no,
I don't have any information, I
can't help you, sorry. #END_arrival_5
Umm, alright, so that was this
part of the story, but that's
it. OK, that's it. Ohh, and this
is the very last one. This is a
complex scene like before. Just
describe what you see and what
is happening in detail and take
between three and five minutes.
#START_deep_sea_divers So we're
going to close with one of our
very colorful multi page or open
face Waldo pictures here and
it's very colorful and it's it
says it's titled The Deep Sea
Divers. So we've got underwater
and we've got on top of the
water, on top of the water we've
got all sorts of colorful
striped boats, red boats.
green boats blue boats, big
boats, small boats. We got sails
on them. We've got mermaids on
top of.
Whatever comes out of, you know,
not volcanoes, but mountains out
of the water.
Um, we've got people sitting on
those, Oh no, that they're on
top of something, some kind of
structure. But there's also
people sitting on like big water
creatures, and they're fishing
and they're fishing for people.
They're fishing people out of
the water.
We've got other people that are
fishing.
Just for fish. And we got
somebody jumping out of boat.
This is still all on top of the
water, OK?
We've got.
Boats sinking. Anyways, we're
going to go down now into the
water and we've got fit. We've
got scuba divers, we've got a.
What do you call that, a shark
fish or they got a little spear
coming out. We've got, we've got
a man being chased by a by a
some kind of fish that's being
held by three or four
individuals who are just at the
tip of the water.
We've got people with guns down
here. We've got people at the
very bottom reaching up. We've
got a hand reaching up out of
the algae. We got what looks
like.
It looks like 4 guys being.
They also have either. I almost
want to say they have machine
guns.
And we've got a fierce looking
fish hiding behind a.
Ohh, what's that called? Not
algae, but.
Hmm, I don't remember what it's
called.
But it's it grows down below in
the water and.
We have a treasure chest with a
gal who's looks like she's found
gold.
And we've got fish coming out of
of shells and we've got turtles
and we've got, you know, this is
kind of cute. We've got fish.
You know how birds fly in
formation? These are fish
forming arrows, 3 arrows leading
a mermaid to a.
What looks like a man?
And.
Ohh, if you really focus on
this, there's this really
colorful big fish that's trying
to eat little children. But the
point is, you can barely see the
fish because it blends in so
well. A lot of those pictures
kind of like if you really have
to focus on this to see what
there is.
Because it's done so tightly and
so well.
Ohh I see a fish face. It's
little fishes.
Maybe like I said, you know,
creating, creating something.
That's what this is probably all
about. There's a circle of red
fish making a face, 2 little
fish, blue fish making eyes, and
an orange fish as a nose and
then green fish as a smile.
Yeah. And then there's another
one that looks like a fish going
across the water. All the red
fish are making the outline and
the blue fish are in the inside,
like the bot, like the internal
being or just like the fins.
That's what those are. Those are
fins and he's got an orange fish
as a as an eyeball gill,
whatever you call those things.
And there's
a lot of stuff going on here. If
you just could probably point
this out for hours if you were
with a child. #END_deep_sea_divers Ohh my goodness
gracious.
OK. Well, that was about four
minutes and we can be done
here.